fix(docs): contribution documentation cleanup (#40761)
airbytehq/airbyte: docs/contributing-to-airbyte/submit-new-connector.md

# Contribute a New Connector

#### Find or start a Github Discussion about the connector

Before jumping into the code please first:

> 1. Verify if there is an existing [Discussion](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/discussions/categories/new-connector-request) for a connector you have in mind

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Check to see if there is an existing [Discussion](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/discussions/categories/new-connector-request) for a connector you have in mind
```

2. If you don't find an existing issue, [Request a New Connector](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/discussions/new?category=new-connector-request)

This will enable our team to make sure your contribution does not overlap with existing works and will comply with the design orientation we are currently heading the product toward. If you do not receive an update on the issue from our team, please ping us on [Slack](https://slack.airbyte.io)!

#### Build the connector

> See [the Connector Development](../connector-development/README.md) guide for more details on how to build a connector. For most API source connectors, Connector Builder is the way to go.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the [Connector Development guide](../connector-development/README.md) for more details on how to build a connector. For most API source connectors, Connector Builder is the best approach to take.
```

#### Open a pull request

1. Make sure your connector passes `airbyte-ci connectors test` tests. [Here's a guide on how to run them](../connector-development/testing-connectors/README.md).
2. Make sure you include the README, documentation, and an icon for your connector. Without them, one of the CI checks will fail.
3. Follow the [pull request convention](./resources/pull-requests-handbook.md#pull-request-title-convention)

> 4. Wait for a review from a community maintainer or our team. We generally look for:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Wait for a review from a community maintainer or our team. We generally look for the following criteria:
```

>   - Does this PR cover authentication, pagination, incremental syncs where applicable?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Does this PR cover authentication, pagination, and incremental syncs where applicable?
```

>   - ‌Does the PR add reasonable list of streams?

Reviewer: I think this might need some clarification.

Author: Yep, but that's way too dynamic to point to an existing doc _right away_, and will change once we ship Builder contrib flow.

  - If the connector uses custom Python components, did you write unit tests?

> 5. Provide a sandbox account. For some APIs, we'll need a sandbox account that we'll ask for. We'll then set it up in our CI and use it to test this connector in the future.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Provide a sandbox account. For some APIs, we'll ask for a sandbox account. We'll then set it up in our CI and use it for testing this connector in the future.
```
